From iainshigeoka@yahoo.com Tue, 08 Aug 2000 11:24:58 -0500
Date: Tue, 08 Aug 2000 11:24:58 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka iainshigeoka@yahoo.com
Subject: [JOS-Admin] Re: [JOS] IRC Chat

At 01:47 PM 8/7/00 -0200, John Leuner wrote:
> > Is there anybody who would like an IRC chat this weekend?  I've got a
> > lot of free time and no TV, so I need something to do. ;)

Well, I don't own a TV which means I have a TON of free time... I wish I 
did.  Somehow even without a TV I manage to have way too much to do!  :)

I do think a chat would be a good idea.

Oh, and nice to hear from you again Robert.  Long time no email!

>I'm keen, should we discuss what we want to discuss on the list so long?

It would be nice to put together an agenda if we have any important topics 
to discuss.  Of course, if we go that far, we might as well make it an 
"official JOS meeting".  Shall we set a day/time so I can announce it on 
the jos website?  I was also thinking it wouldn't be a bad idea to restart 
the monthly JOS meetings if we can get a big enough group to attend.

I personally do have an agenda I'd like to promote:

1. State of the Union - It would be nice to create a JOS quarterly report 
or at least discuss the current state of JOS.  I have a vague idea of 
what's going on but it would be nice to get other people's impressions/input.

2.  JOS.org - creation of an official legal non-profit entity to enable 
fund raising and to formulate agreements/partnerships etc on behalf of the 
JOS project.  This was discussed as a "Good Thing To Do (tm)" a few weeks 
ago on the admin list.  Funds can be used to defray costs which are 
currently coming out of JOS member pockets, and perhaps sponsor 
trips/meetings/conferences, etc.  I guess ultimately, we may even be able 
to do something like FreeBSD and hire a minimal full time staff of 
programmers to work on JOS full time.  The timing is good because of point 3.

3.  Sponsorship - pushing forward, Etoolz (the company I work for) has 
contacted our parent company Eagle Wireless and both companies are very 
interested in forming a relationship and sponsorship with the JOS 
project.  This would dovetail nicely with a JOS.org if it existed.  I would 
like to discuss how this might work, people's opinions on such a 
relationship, etc.

4.  Website - I'm about 75% done with a rewrite of the jos 
website.  Hopefully, I'll get a prototype setup so you can give me some 
feedback.  If not, at least get some ideas on what people see as being 
needed additions/changes from the current site design.

-iain





From jewel@pixie.co.za Tue, 08 Aug 2000 15:14:56 -0200 (GMT+2)
Date: Tue, 08 Aug 2000 15:14:56 -0200 (GMT+2)
From: John Leuner jewel@pixie.co.za
Subject: [JOS-Admin] Re: [JOS] IRC Chat

> > > Is there anybody who would like an IRC chat this weekend?  I've got a
> > > lot of free time and no TV, so I need something to do. ;)
> 
> Well, I don't own a TV which means I have a TON of free time... I wish I 
> did.  Somehow even without a TV I manage to have way too much to do!  :)
> 
> I do think a chat would be a good idea.
> 
> Oh, and nice to hear from you again Robert.  Long time no email!
> 
> >I'm keen, should we discuss what we want to discuss on the list so long?
> 
> It would be nice to put together an agenda if we have any important topics 
> to discuss.  Of course, if we go that far, we might as well make it an 
> "official JOS meeting".  Shall we set a day/time so I can announce it on 
> the jos website?  I was also thinking it wouldn't be a bad idea to restart 
> the monthly JOS meetings if we can get a big enough group to attend.
> 
> I personally do have an agenda I'd like to promote:

My agenda involves more technical stuff, I'm hoping some of the kernel
people can attend, I'ld like to chat about the current situation at the 
kernel / vm level and the future.

John Leuner







From robfitz@273k.net Wed, 9 Aug 2000 13:40:47 +0000
Date: Wed, 9 Aug 2000 13:40:47 +0000
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@273k.net
Subject: [JOS-Admin] Re: [JOS] IRC Chat

> > > Is there anybody who would like an IRC chat this weekend?  I've got a
> > > lot of free time and no TV, so I need something to do. ;)
> 
> Well, I don't own a TV which means I have a TON of free time... I wish I 
> did.  Somehow even without a TV I manage to have way too much to do!  :)

Don't take this to mean I need a TV (but it would be nice ;), but i'm
now living in Chicago, with no family, friends, TV, or car to keep me
busy.  So all I have to keep me busy is work and, my laptop and cable modem.

> It would be nice to put together an agenda if we have any important topics 
> to discuss.  Of course, if we go that far, we might as well make it an 
> "official JOS meeting".  Shall we set a day/time so I can announce it on 
> the jos website?  I was also thinking it wouldn't be a bad idea to restart 
> the monthly JOS meetings if we can get a big enough group to attend.

Sure lets put together an agenda, i'll send an updated of what i've been
working on over the last number of month later on today.

> I personally do have an agenda I'd like to promote:
> 
> 1. State of the Union - It would be nice to create a JOS quarterly report 
> or at least discuss the current state of JOS.  I have a vague idea of 
> what's going on but it would be nice to get other people's impressions/input.

Yes, we really need this.  It's be a long time since the last quarterly
(yearly) report.

> 2.  JOS.org - creation of an official legal non-profit entity to enable 
> fund raising and to formulate agreements/partnerships etc on behalf of the 
> JOS project.  This was discussed as a "Good Thing To Do (tm)" a few weeks 
> ago on the admin list.  Funds can be used to defray costs which are 
> currently coming out of JOS member pockets, and perhaps sponsor 
> trips/meetings/conferences, etc.  I guess ultimately, we may even be able 
> to do something like FreeBSD and hire a minimal full time staff of 
> programmers to work on JOS full time.  The timing is good because of point 3.
> 
> 3.  Sponsorship - pushing forward, Etoolz (the company I work for) has 
> contacted our parent company Eagle Wireless and both companies are very 
> interested in forming a relationship and sponsorship with the JOS 
> project.  This would dovetail nicely with a JOS.org if it existed.  I would 
> like to discuss how this might work, people's opinions on such a 
> relationship, etc.

I like these ideas, but I thing it's important to talk about how it
would/could happen.  Even though I would be happy to help pay money if it
was needed.

> 4.  Website - I'm about 75% done with a rewrite of the jos 
> website.  Hopefully, I'll get a prototype setup so you can give me some 
> feedback.  If not, at least get some ideas on what people see as being 
> needed additions/changes from the current site design.

I'm looking forward to seeing it.

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@273k.net





From iainshigeoka@yahoo.com Wed, 09 Aug 2000 10:19:45 -0500
Date: Wed, 09 Aug 2000 10:19:45 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka iainshigeoka@yahoo.com
Subject: [JOS-Admin] Re: [JOS] IRC Chat

At 03:14 PM 8/8/00 -0200, you wrote:

> > I personally do have an agenda I'd like to promote:
>
>My agenda involves more technical stuff, I'm hoping some of the kernel
>people can attend, I'ld like to chat about the current situation at the
>kernel / vm level and the future.

Well, if Todd shows up, that's pretty much the kernel people right now I 
think.  ;)

-iain





From tmiller@haverford.edu Wed, 9 Aug 2000 19:54:10 -0400 (EDT)
Date: Wed, 9 Aug 2000 19:54:10 -0400 (EDT)
From: Todd L. Miller tmiller@haverford.edu
Subject: [JOS-Admin] Re: [JOS] IRC Chat

> >My agenda involves more technical stuff, I'm hoping some of the kernel
> >people can attend, I'ld like to chat about the current situation at the
> >kernel / vm level and the future.

	/me whistles and sidles out of the room.

> Well, if Todd shows up, that's pretty much the kernel people right now I 
> think.  ;)

	JM may show up also, if he can find the time.

	In case you're wondering, the kernel/VM stuff is and has been
stuck for a while now.  I'm hoping it'll pick up in two weeks (or so),
when I'm done with this job.

-_Quinn





From iainshigeoka@yahoo.com Thu, 10 Aug 2000 17:03:32 -0500
Date: Thu, 10 Aug 2000 17:03:32 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka iainshigeoka@yahoo.com
Subject: [JOS-Admin] Re: [JOS] IRC Chat

At 07:54 PM 8/9/00 -0400, Todd L. Miller wrote:
> > Well, if Todd shows up, that's pretty much the kernel people right now I
> > think.  ;)
>
>         JM may show up also, if he can find the time.

That would be very cool.

>         In case you're wondering, the kernel/VM stuff is and has been
>stuck for a while now.  I'm hoping it'll pick up in two weeks (or so),
>when I'm done with this job.

Great.  I hope you can show up for a bit on the chat just to let us know 
what the status is...  ;)

Hey, we haven't even set a date or time yet have we?  Thoughts?  Sometime 
sunday around midday central US timezone time would be great for me.... he 
he he.  Oops.   I guess we really should be setting this in UTC time 
huh?  For how many people will this be inconvenient?  I'm particularly 
thinking of people where this is late at night/early morning...  I recall 
the regular jos monthly meetings as being similar in time without causing 
too much trouble.

-iain





From iain.shigeoka@etoolz.com Fri, 11 Aug 2000 09:41:58 -0500
Date: Fri, 11 Aug 2000 09:41:58 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka iain.shigeoka@etoolz.com
Subject: [JOS-Admin] JOS website preview

Hello,

The JOS website is about to undergo a re-organization to hopefully make the 
website much more friendly to newcomers and to help focus attention on 
current jos status, jos information, and making sure jos looks like an 
active project (you would not believe how many people think the jos project 
is dead).

Please check out a preview of the JOS website proposed look at:

http://jos.sourceforge.net/

This is a look-a-like mockup and does not contain any functionality.  I 
mainly want feedback on the idea of using a Yahoo-style directory 
organization and if the page layout and categories seem reasonable.  The 
content of most of the pages are really quickly cut and pasted in there 
from the wiki and will be fleshed out much better with the released version 
(especially the getting started section...).  The missing functional parts 
include:

*  Automated member list
*  Working wiki (using the http://sourceforge.net/projects/sfwiki)
*  Page annotation for web pages(see the annotated manual at 
http://www.php.net for how this will work)
*  Automated package-name reservation system
*  Automated jos sub-project listing system (to track and organize all the 
various software projects related to JOS but not part of the kernel/os 
itself (like the Jext editor).
*  Automated jos news system (hopefully eventually getting to the 
sophistication of something like www.slashdot.org)

Feedback is very welcome, especially at the upcoming JOS meeting (see 
MeetingAgenda for more info).

Thanks

-iain
--
------------------------------- Etoolz --------------------------------------
Iain Shigeoka <iain.shigeoka@etoolz.com>
P: 210.349.7846 F: 210.341.5126
7310 Blanco Road, Suite #206, San Antonio, Texas 78216





From iainshigeoka@yahoo.com Tue, 15 Aug 2000 10:03:16 -0500
Date: Tue, 15 Aug 2000 10:03:16 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka iainshigeoka@yahoo.com
Subject: [JOS-Admin] Re: Effect of change

At 09:28 PM 8/14/00 -0400, Gilbert Carl Herschberger II wrote:

>We have a public relations and marketing problem.

Agreed.

>Reorganizing our website
>may not solve it.

Agreed.  It is the beginning of a process to make jos more accessible and 
more friendly to new users and developers.

>Are we doing anything that works? I think so. I would
>like to keep on doing things that work.

I would too.  But what are we doing that works?  Right now, I think JOS is 
very broken.

>1. Eliminate the redundent mailing lists.

I agree.  I want to switch them all over to sourceforge and cut it down to 
maybe 4 total:

announce - extremely low traffic
general - advocacy and general discussions of a non-technical nature
admin - the bureaucracy of running jos.  shouldn't concern developers or users
developers - technical discussions.

>Why have more than one mailing list when one mailing list will do?

When jos was first formed, the mailing lists were needed because there was 
too much discussion.  Now that the JOS project is essentially in 
hibernation mode, we certainly can re-consolidate the mailing lists.  This 
is something that should be discussed on the admin list.

>Have you seen all of the JOS-related mailing lists on e-Groups?

Yes.  It's the archive of the original or second home for the jos mailing 
lists.  Essentially the lists have lived in 3 separate places to date, and 
the former two are archived in two spots, egroups and on spin.

>2. Carefully edit the static HTML pages.
>
>There should be more discussion on the admin/biz mailing list about what
>pages should be created and what they should say.

Agreed.  Please discuss it there.

>I reviewed your JOS
>Project pages on SourceForge. Actually, I like it less than the pages on
>jos.org.

Why specifically?  It's very much in a formative stage right now so if you 
give specifics, it will probably be changed.

>The review of static HTML pages should be an on-going process. Let's start
>the process now. I like the idea of a separate HTML page for "old" news. It
>is a lot of responsibility to create static HTML pages for the project that
>are off Wiki.

The wiki is a very poor resource for providing structured content to new 
people and people that are just "looking around" (i.e. the press).  It 
takes time and patience to find anything in particular in the wiki, and to 
use it to learn.  As an example, if i were a member of the press and wanted 
to find out how to contact "some one in charge" by telephone can I find 
that in our current website?  The answer, "good luck".  You may hunt around 
for as long as you like and think you kind of know possibly who your best 
bet is, and then most likely either give up or send email to 
webmaster@jos.org as its the only contact email for the group really 
anywhere...  This is Very Bad (tm).

I agree that there is a lot of responsibility in creating static pages for 
the group, but I think it must be done.  The current website is pretty 
unfriendly to anyone not already fully devoted to jos and willing to really 
"work with it".

-iain





From iainshigeoka@yahoo.com Thu, 17 Aug 2000 09:20:18 -0500
Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2000 09:20:18 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka iainshigeoka@yahoo.com
Subject: [JOS-Admin] Re: Effect of change

At 09:22 AM 8/16/00 -0400, you wrote:
>Have you read all of the articles on JOS Wiki?

No.  I haven't had the time.

>I set a goal to read all
>articles. I thought I was done. Only recently, I discovered a long list of
>"lost" articles. "Lost" articles are not referenced by any other article.
>Imagine how I felt. I thought I finished reading all articles. I thought I
>had an good idea what other members had written and the work other members
>had done. To discover all these lost articles, it is disconcering. I wonder
>how many other articles are still "lost".

Probably quite a few.  When Todd Miller's sfWiki project is completed the 
wiki system itself should be able to identify and alert use to orphaned pages.

>I also set a goal to read all messages posted in JOS-related mailing lists.
>I read everything on jos.org. I thought I was done. Then, I remembered the
>mailing list archives on eGroups. I started reading those messages. They
>are filled with very important information about what others want, what
>others think and what others have already tried.

Oh, well if that's the case, you'll also want to read the articles posted 
to spin.de.  You should be able to find a link on the MailingLists wiki 
page or following the spin link on our home page.  After we settle the 
mailing list issues, we should consolidate all jos mail archives to one 
location on _our_ website, then shut down these other achives to eliminate 
confusion.

>I am very irritated about the "back-door" editing of JOS Wiki articles,
>such as the following:
>
>http://www.metamech.com/wiki/view/Main/TheGlossary
>
>I suspect that a few members of the JOS Project can replace Wiki articles
>through a back door, without using an HTML browser. The Glossary article
>obviously has been edited; but, it still shows revision 1.1 and still shows
>my name as the last one who edited it. It is impossible to see from the
>website what the article used to look like.

No.  It should be impossible to edit pages outside of the web form.  I'm 
the only one with access to the raw data without using the web forms.  I 
use this access only to do RCS operations on pages that have been 
completely destroyed.  I have not touched TheGlossary so if it has been 
damaged recently, its due to a bug either in my RCS setup or the wiki 
itself (I'd guess the later).

>I suspect that this explains the missing MemberList article. Somehow the
>entire revision history of the MemberList article was erased. The article
>was damaged. It require extraordinary measures to bring the article back.

Yes.  I think the wiki code is misbehaving.  There is no plans to find and 
patch bugs in the current wiki as we hope to move to the new sfwiki soon.

>It is rude. It is unacceptable to destroy the revision history of a Wiki
>article, replace Wiki articles without using an HTML browser, change an
>article while keeping someone else's name. It is the policy of the project
>that an author retains copyright of contributed articles. Erasing the
>revision history makes it difficult for a contributor to prove his or her
>copyright.

Actually this is misleading.  I've been wanting to change the copyright 
notice at the bottom of the page to reflect the reality but have been 
hesitating because we'll be moving soon (and the page templates will change 
then).  The wiki is a collaborative document system.  Anything in the wiki 
is the property and copyright of the wiki.  If you want to retain copyright 
or editorial/layout control of a pages content, it should not be put in the 
wiki.  Because at any time, anyone can come along and change 
it!  Essentially words on the wiki are "public domain".  Otherwise, there's 
no point in allowing other people to edit pages that someone else 
created.  We should just allow annotations to a page if that were the case.

As for the revision history of wiki articles.  That is a convenience to 
make accidents less costly.  It was never designed or intended to create 
snapshots or historical records of the wiki.  The wiki is constantly 
changing.  Think of it as "oral history" in written form.  Just as a story 
changes as its passed from storyteller to storyteller, so to does the wiki 
change from moment to moment as pages are added, deleted, and edited.  The 
extreme example of this is the c2 wiki (the original wiki which we try and 
emulate in spirit).  It has no revision history at all.  I think it makes a 
hidden copy of each page that the administrator can use to restore a page 
if its been gutted.  c2 wiki is also completely open and doesn't require a 
login or password to edit.  The sfWiki will return to this original c2 wiki 
as the jos wiki seems to be too far from the original intent of the 
original wiki.  There is too much a sense of individual ownership, 
permanence, and "members only" feel in the current wiki.  It's being used 
for more than it should be and that over extension is showing (in the 
problem with poor organization for example).

This is also the reason I think the important and fundamental documents 
need to be moved to a static site as we have a lot of technical information 
in the wiki that we can't afford to lose!

For historical reasons, a "snap shot" of the wiki seems a good idea and 
your distributions are filling this need.  Todd hopes to get snap shotting 
of the wiki as a set of html pages as a feature of the sfwiki...  Probably 
in a 1.1 version.

-iain

ps - please follow this up on the admin list so the other members can 
comment on these issues.





From iainshigeoka@yahoo.com Thu, 17 Aug 2000 09:48:13 -0500
Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2000 09:48:13 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka iainshigeoka@yahoo.com
Subject: [JOS-Admin] Mailing lists (was Effects of change)

At 08:22 AM 8/16/00 -0400, Gilbert Carl Herschberger II wrote:
>At 10:03 AM 8/15/00 -0500, you wrote:
> >>1. Eliminate the redundent mailing lists.
> >
> >I agree.  I want to switch them all over to sourceforge and cut it down to
> >maybe 4 total:
> >
> >announce - extremely low traffic
> >general - advocacy and general discussions of a non-technical nature
> >admin - the bureaucracy of running jos.  shouldn't concern developers or
>users
> >developers - technical discussions.
>
>But then, I started thinking about how to shut down a mailing list. I think
>mailing lists can be shut down politely so that everyone knows exactly what
>is going on. It might help public relations if we were nice to our
>subscribers.

I agree.

>Some of our public relations problem may come from our own members not
>knowing for sure what is going on. Often, there isn't enough time to be
>polite. Personally, I rarely feel confident that I know what is going on.
>For example, the recent switch of CVS from jos.org to SourceForge was a
>"surprise" for me because two (or three?) modules were left behind without
>public discussion and are still an outstanding CVS issue.

Yes.  Actually the decision to move was discussed on the admin list I 
believe and there were no comments.

Check out the thread started here:

http://jos.org/pipermail/admin/2000-January/000163.html

A month or so later, Todd said he was moving the jjos/decaf sources 
over.  A month or so after that, the CVS got turned off by helmut because 
it was freaking out and was constantly crashing.  So the final "switch" to 
sourceforge cvs was a suprise to everyone.   We simply said Todd's 
premiliminary check in of jjos/decaf was the new cvs and the crashed and 
disabled cvs on jos.org was dead.  Is dead.  As far as the lost modules, 
they're not lost, just not moved.

I haven't had the time to do the move of the other modules.  It's a low 
priority for me personally.

>I understand you want to switch mailing lists over to SourceForge. I would
>suggest that this should be done in two phases. Let's not be hasty. We do
>not want to leave any subscribers behind, right?

True.  But I think a long drawn out process will actually be more likely to 
cause a loss of subscribers than one big, noisy move.  If the move proceeds 
over several months, during that time the lists will be spread out between 
servers, between addresses, and people can be caught with some lists here 
and some there.  And the entire issue of the archives again becomes an 
issue.  The latest archives will be on sourceforge for some articles, 
others will be on jos.org, the slightly old archives will be on jos.org for 
most lists, the older lists on egroups, the oldest on spin.  Talk about 
confusing! :)

>I think we can set a goal of using the new lists, exactly as you suggest,
>starting on January 1, 2001. So as not to confuse anyone, we should not
>begin phase II until phase I is complete.

I propose doing them all at once as soon as we can agree to do it.  The 
biggest question is, is this a good idea (consolidating and moving the 
lists), and is it an issue that requires an official vote or can it be 
decided on the mailing lists.

I would proposed that this is something we can just decide to do, that we 
should do it, and that the switch should be done asap and all in one big swoop.

Gilbert suggests the following plan:

>Phase I. Non-essential mailing lists at jos.org could be shut down by
>September 15th, 2000. That means an announcement of intent to shut down a
>list must be posted within the next couple of days. Using a 30-day window,
>the obviously non-essential mailing lists should be shut down, leaving the
>essential mailing lists.
>
>We might eliminate biz@jos.org and keep admin@jos.org. When we eliminate
>biz@jos.org, we should encourage its subscribers to use admin@jos.org.
>Subscribers to biz@jos.org should agree to use admin@jos.org.
>
>Create developer@lists.sourceforge.net. When we shut down apps@jos.org,
>arch@jos.org and ui@jos.org, we should encourage its subscribers to use
>developer@lists.sourceforge.net.
>
>Since we already have general@jos.org, we should keep it. We should not
>create general@lists.sourceforge.net until phase II.
>
>We should take a break. We should make no mailing list changes during
>November.
>
>Phase II. The names of essential mailing lists should be changed.
>Subscribers to kernel@jos.org should start using
>developer@lists.sourceforge.net. Following the same procedure for shutting
>down a mailing list, subscribers of kernel@jos.org must agree to use
>developer@list.sourceforge.net.
>
>Starting in December, we use the same procedure to shut down kernel@jos.org.
>
>List    Current       Phase I             Phase II
>
>Administravia for the JOS Project.
>      admin@jos.org    No change.          admin@lists.jos.sourceforge.net
>
>JOS Applications
>      apps@jos.org     develop@lists.jos.sourceforge.net
>
>JOS architecture discussion list
>      apps@jos.org     develop@lists.jos.sourceforge.net
>
>JOS Organizational Discussion List
>      biz@jos.org      admin@jos.org       admin@lists.jos.sourceforge.net
>
>An Operating system without games is dead!
>      games@jos.org    develop@lists.jos.sourceforge.net
>
>General Discussion List
>      general@jos.org  No change.          general@lists.jos.sourceforge.net
>
>Public Relations Information
>      info@jos.org     announce@lists.jos.sourceforge.net
>
>Nuts and Bolts
>      kernel@jos.org   No change.          developer@lists.jos.sourceforge.net
>
>The JOS user interface disscussion list
>      ui@jos.org       developer@lists.jos.sourceforge.net
>
>JOS membership and vote advertisement list (moderated)
>    vote-info@jos.org  No change.          No change.
>
>-----
>
>And one more thing. When someone posts to a mailing list on eGroups after
>it is "shut down", someone should immediately re-post a message
>recommending an alternative list. Some of these lists are moderated.
>Moderators keep watching for rogue postings.

Posting should not be allowed on eGroups lists.  They should be there for 
archive purposes only.  Who has an admin password to those lists?  This 
should be change so the lists are read only.

-iain





