<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [JOS-Arch] JOS Packages</TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:iainshigeoka%40yahoo.com">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000254.html">
   <LINK REL="Next" HREF="000256.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[JOS-Arch] JOS Packages</H1>
    <B>Iain Shigeoka</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:iainshigeoka%40yahoo.com"
       TITLE="[JOS-Arch] JOS Packages">iainshigeoka@yahoo.com</A><BR>
    <I>Mon, 18 Oct 1999 10:38:47 -0500</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI> Previous message: <A HREF="000254.html">[JOS-Arch] JOS Packages</A></li>
        <LI> Next message: <A HREF="000256.html">[JOS-Arch] JOS Packages</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#255">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#255">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#255">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#255">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>On 18 Oct 99, at 7:56, Gilbert Carl Herschberger II wrote:

&gt;<i> Here is my recommendation:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> A &quot;Distribution&quot; group should be created to discuss the implications of JOS
</I>&gt;<i> distribution. This group should focus on the impact packages have on
</I>&gt;<i> distribution. Members of this group should develop recommendations for the
</I>&gt;<i> packaging (and repackaging) for the JOS API.
</I>
I agree with your recommendation and the need for such a group.  
However, I think its a little too early to make such a group effective. 
I believe it should be formed when the first JOS system is ready in 
at least alpha state.  So after the JOSBox, JOSSystem, and a 
minimal port of the java libraries (classpath?) are ready to go into at 
least alpha level testing.  When we're at that point, it would seem 
appropriate to clean up the namespace and discuss cleaning up 
distribution.  

If its started too early (like now when a lot is still theoretical) then 
the group will, IMHO, probably quickly burn out when there's 
nothing to do but produce documentation and debate.  In addition, 
we'll want to involve the coders of JOS in the discussion and invade 
upon their code (at least to adjust their namespaces).  At this 
point, that would just slow JOS development down.  

This is just my opinion though.  I'm interested to hear others 
thoughts.

-iain

</pre>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI> Previous message: <A HREF="000254.html">[JOS-Arch] JOS Packages</A></li>
	<LI> Next message: <A HREF="000256.html">[JOS-Arch] JOS Packages</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#255">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#255">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#255">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#255">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
</body></html>
