From Alexis Petrounias Sun, 06 Jun 1999 12:21:12 +0300
Date: Sun, 06 Jun 1999 12:21:12 +0300
From: Al Alexis Petrounias
Subject: [JOS] Concerning the registry...

Greetings,


Although I have posted about the registry before, and nobody replied or
looked at the source code, I am posting again, because I made several
big changes (new features). Maybe this time a few people will look into
it...

The registry is an inverted tree, which uses binary search for
insertion, addition and deletion. It supports unlimited number of
entries (leafs) and directories (nodes), utilizing the LinkedList class
(which I wrote for JOS a year ago).

I implemented merging support, and made it implementation neutral. That
is, no matter how the interfaces and abstract classes for the registry
are implemented, the merging can occur between different implementations
of the registry API.

Finally, I made it RMI. There is a new class, called RegistryServer that
starts an RMI server for the registry. I have tested it and it seems to
work find (and fast). Since this is my first serious RMI application, I
would appreciate if any RMI gurus out there could test it and comment.

I have not posted it on the CVS or the source server because I have not
written the license for JOS in the files yet. You can find a copy of the
source code, the binaries and the skel/stubs at the following URL:

[http://www.outworld.org/temp/working/jos/Registry.jar]
Just unjar it.

Thanks in advance, everyone!


-- 

      "Learn from others' mistakes, for you won't live long
          enough to make them all yourself..."
___________________________________________________________________
[EMAIL: reference:AlexisPetrounias] [DSS: 0xDBEF8ECC | RSA: 0xBC469499]
[URL: http://www.outworld.org/people/al/] [TEL: (0030) +31 422 392]
DO NOT SEND ME UNSOLICITED COMMERCIAL, RELIGIOUS OR POLITICAL EMAIL




From robfitz@geocities.com Mon, 7 Jun 1999 12:43:08 -0500
Date: Mon, 7 Jun 1999 12:43:08 -0500
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@geocities.com
Subject: [JOS] IRC Meeting - June 1999

Hi everybody

Here are some notes of mine for this meeting, I would recommend that 
you read the log as well.

The following people were at this meeting:
RobertFitz - Robert Fitzsimons, kernel developer
gchii - Gilbert Herschberger, architect
EvilOne - Sascha Salevsky, not involved, but this will change
Shigeoka - Iain Shigeoka, jos webmaster

The first item on the agenda was the constitution.  I mainly brought 
this up, to decide if we were still going to have a vote on this in 
July (?).  We talked a little on how the vote should happen (vote-
info mailing list), what is a jos member, and what should happen 
after the vote is passed, ie vote for license.  Join the biz mailing 
list to talk more about this.

The next item on the agenda was the site infrastructure.  We 
discussed that the wiki web needs to be updated (Markus?).  We also 
talked about removing the SourceSever and just using the CVS Server.  
There also needs to be a centrally database of wikinames, passwords, 
etc, so all you have to do is change one password and you wiki 
password and cvs password are changed.  Does any body want to work on 
this?  Also does any body want to be the faq maintainer?

The next item on the agenda was the kernel.  We talked about the 
kernel interface i'm working on, and the jos-linux host.  Any body 
interested in work with me on the kernel interface should join the 
arch mailing list.

The next item on the agenda was applications and utilities.  We are 
planing on setting up a ApplicationSummary page like the 
KernelSummary page, Iain will be posting a message to the appropriate 
mailing list to get the information for this page.

There was one other item on the list about AspectJ, but we were 
unable to discuss it because we didn't know enough about it.

I would recommend that everybody should read the log, a lot more was 
discussed then I can put in this email.  As for joining the mail list 
checkout <URL:http://jos.org/mailman/listinfo/>.

The next meeting will be on Sunday 11th of July 1999, at 17:00 UTC, 
on your local Undernet IRC server in the #jos channel.  The meeting 
should have been on the 4th of July, but how many people would be 
able to turn up ;).

The log for this meeting are available at 
<URL:http://jos.org/~robfitz/jos-19990606.zip> (15 kb), and the logs 
for previous meetings are available at 
<URL:http://jos.org/wiki/view/main/Logs>.

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@geocities.com




From Alexis Petrounias Tue, 08 Jun 1999 11:47:58 +0300
Date: Tue, 08 Jun 1999 11:47:58 +0300
From: Al Alexis Petrounias
Subject: [JOS] Re: [JOS-Arch] Re: [JOS] Concerning the registry...

Ryan Heise wrote:

> Speaking of registries, could you please explain how they would be used?
> When an application is installed, does it put entries in a global system
> registry? If so, how do you ensure that those entries are deleted when I
> remove the software from my system? (for instances, if I just delete the
> sofware directory)


My implementation of a registry has nothing to do with the JOS system's
behaviour overall. That is, I am not supplying an
installation/deinstallation API with the registry, I am just making a
distributed (RMI), OO registry, that looks a lot like an inverted tree
file system, and can do things like move, replace, merge, retain, link,
update from remote, etc..

The registry is under org.jos.registry (I also made a Wiki page!) and
can be used by any application. If the JOS system decides to use a
central registry (instead of a temp directory), then applications
written for JOS will probably be able to write to a global registry. The
good thing with the registry is that it runs as a server, and it also
has replication capabilities (working on them now), which means that it
assists in the development of a truly distributed JOS system.

I've also included a lot of functionality in the addressing mechanism of
the registry. That is, to access an entry, you do something like this:

Address address = new Address("//dir/dir/dir/entry");

This address object though could have a URI pointing to a specific RMI
registry on any system, so functions like:

registry.copy(local_address, remote_address)

would have the registry copy entries from a registry in any part of the
world...

I will also start working on the security of the registry, which will
work in a way similar to Java's security overall - that is, a CodeBase
object is the group, a Class is the user, etc.


-- 

      "Learn from others' mistakes, for you won't live long
          enough to make them all yourself..."
___________________________________________________________________
[EMAIL: reference:AlexisPetrounias] [DSS: 0xDBEF8ECC | RSA: 0xBC469499]
[URL: http://www.outworld.org/people/al/] [TEL: (0030) +31 422 392]
DO NOT SEND ME UNSOLICITED COMMERCIAL, RELIGIOUS OR POLITICAL EMAIL



From RegierAveryJ@JDCORP.deere.com Tue, 8 Jun 1999 08:55:01 -0500
Date: Tue, 8 Jun 1999 08:55:01 -0500
From: Regier Avery J RegierAveryJ@JDCORP.deere.com
Subject: [JOS] Reminder: Register to Vote!

All,

I want to remind everyone that the upcoming vote on our proposed
Constitution is less than a month away!  Remember that in order for you to
be an eligable voter you must subscribe to the vote-info@jos.org mail list.
So far only 29 people have registered to vote.  I have found it interesting
that some of our most active developers have not found the time to register
themselves to vote.  

You can register to vote at http://jos.org/mailman/listinfo/vote-info
Links to the proposed Constitution and PolicyBook are on the wiki at:
http://jos.org/wiki/view/main/Constitution  Please go there and look it
over.  There were a few misconceptions about it at the IRC meeting, and it
would do everyone good to read and understand it and its immediate purpose.
Please also look at the FAQ that we have put together which should answer
most of your questions about the proposal.  If you have any further
concerns, please sign up to the biz@jos.org mail list and discuss them!

In order for the vote to take place, I need a volunteer to be a neutral vote
administrator as defined by section 4.3 of the proposed Constitution.  For
this vote, the vote administrator needs to be willing and able to do the
following things:
*  Join the biz@jos.org mailing list where voting issues will be discussed.
*  Take votes via email for 20 days.
*  Tabulate the votes in the manner prescribed by the Constitution and
advertise the results of the vote within three days of the end of voting.
*  Be willing to be scrutinized as to whether or not you are neutral in this
vote.

Also, I suggest that the administrator for this vote be someone who:
*  Has not been greatly involved in the defining and wording of the
Constitution.  This rules out myself, Matt Caswell, and Scott Miller.
*  Someone who has been involved in the project for at least a year.

Thanks!
Avery J. Regier
ajregier@earthlink.net



From robfitz@geocities.com Tue, 8 Jun 1999 23:06:14 -0500
Date: Tue, 8 Jun 1999 23:06:14 -0500
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@geocities.com
Subject: [JOS] Open Source Writers Group

Hello everybody

This was posted to Slashdot today:

The Open Source Writers Group (OSWG) is a project started to help 
writers find OS projects for which they can volunteer, and to help OS 
projects find the writers they need. Writers and editors who are 
willing and able to volunteer their efforts similarly find it 
difficult to identify OS projects that need them. This indicates a 
communications gap that must be addressed. The OSWG project has been 
created to help fill that gap.  

Here home page is <URL:http://www.linuxchix.org/techwriters/>.

Does anybody have a problem with us making a request for help?

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@geocities.com




From Alexis Petrounias Wed, 09 Jun 1999 13:17:01 +0300
Date: Wed, 09 Jun 1999 13:17:01 +0300
From: Al Alexis Petrounias
Subject: [JOS] Open Source Writers Group

Robert Fitzsimons wrote:

> This was posted to Slashdot today:
> <snip>
> Here home page is <URL:http://www.linuxchix.org/techwriters/>.
> 
> Does anybody have a problem with us making a request for help?

Not a problem really, just a concern... JOS appears to have so many
members, and it is true that many work behind the scenes (I myself, for
instance), but there are so many people in the members lists who have
not yet posted a single thing on the lists, the wiki, the CVS or the
source server.

Maybe, by asking for help, we should make it clear that we really have
little code, and that we want people with extensive knowledge to help us
build the *basis* of JOS, its foundations. We need people the know not
only how to make a kernel and a JVM, but also integrate everything
together.

I think this point should be stressed out, just that.

-- 

      "Learn from others' mistakes, for you won't live long
          enough to make them all yourself..."
___________________________________________________________________
[EMAIL: reference:AlexisPetrounias] [DSS: 0xDBEF8ECC | RSA: 0xBC469499]
[URL: http://www.outworld.org/people/al/] [TEL: (0030) +31 422 392]
DO NOT SEND ME UNSOLICITED COMMERCIAL, RELIGIOUS OR POLITICAL EMAIL



From robfitz@geocities.com Thu, 10 Jun 1999 19:58:37 -0500
Date: Thu, 10 Jun 1999 19:58:37 -0500
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@geocities.com
Subject: [JOS] Any volunteers?

Hello everybody

I'm currently working on writing the Kernel Interface, which is a 
platform independent interface/api between the kernel and the rest of 
the system.

Now the problem i'm having is that i've had very little feedback on 
what i'm doing.  This could be because i'm going in the right 
direction, or i'm going in the completely wrong direction (and nobody 
wants to tell me).  Also even thought English is my first language, 
writing in it's one of my talents (for example this email has taken 
me more then an hour to write so far).  So this means i'm spending a 
lot more time writing, which would be better spent programing, which 
i'm better at.

So what I need is a group of people who can help by giving me 
feedback or by writing some parts of the documentation for or with 
me.  You don't need to be a kernel expert (i'm not) to help, it's 
just common sense.

So any volunteers?

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@geocities.com




From RegierAveryJ@JDCORP.deere.com Fri, 11 Jun 1999 14:33:04 -0500
Date: Fri, 11 Jun 1999 14:33:04 -0500
From: Regier Avery J RegierAveryJ@JDCORP.deere.com
Subject: [JOS] Going to JavaOne?

Hi all,

Am I really the only one in this organization going to JavaOne next week?
If anyone else will be there, I would like to get together like I did with a
few people last year.

Thanks!
Avery J. Regier





From digigod@earthling.net Tue, 08 Jun 1999 22:33:18 -0700
Date: Tue, 08 Jun 1999 22:33:18 -0700
From: DigiGod Q =?iso-8859-1?Q?Frasch=E9?= digigod@earthling.net
Subject: [JOS] Open Source Writers Group

Robert Fitzsimons wrote:
> Here home page is <URL:http://www.linuxchix.org/techwriters/>.
> 
> Does anybody have a problem with us making a request for help?
I looked at their site and can see no reason we shouldn't and plenty of reasons we should (like the quote: "free as in both 'free speech' and 'free beer'").

It has my vote.
_________________________
DigiGod@earthling.net
AIM:DigiGod 86
_________________________
Quote of the Moment:
	"Why should I press the start button to turn my computer 
         off?" -Windows, go fig.
_________________________
Prank of the Moment:
	Using the conferencing feature of your office phone, dial
	one Induhvidual, then while it's ringing dial another and
	conference them together. Put your own phone on mute
	and listen to see how long they'll make small talk before
	figuring out that neither one placed the call.
O-



From shigeoka@ukans.edu Mon, 14 Jun 1999 10:46:43 -0500
Date: Mon, 14 Jun 1999 10:46:43 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka shigeoka@ukans.edu
Subject: [JOS] MemberListQZ crash!!!

Hello everyone,

Bad news from the wiki.  The MemberListQZ page got wiped out.  I have 
restored the page from version control but that version was last updated 
on February 21, 1999.  If you made changes to the MemberListQZ since 
then, your changes were lost.  Please add them again.

Apparently either no one has edited MemberListQZ since February 
21st, or version control has not been working for the Wiki since then.  I 
know the web interface to RCS'ed wiki pages has been missing for a 
while but I was still under the impression that the pages were being 
version controlled.  I am investigating things.  My first impresion is that 
wiki version control stopped working in March of this year.

For now, please edit with care.  I've made a backup of wiki files today 
but this form of manual backup will not last long (I'm very forgetful).  
Hopefully, I can get the Wiki RCS working again soon.

-iain




From shigeoka@ukans.edu Mon, 14 Jun 1999 11:01:10 -0500
Date: Mon, 14 Jun 1999 11:01:10 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka shigeoka@ukans.edu
Subject: [JOS] Wiki version control restored

Hello everyone,

I believe I have version control working again for the Wiki.  Let me know 
if you notice any unusual wiki behavior.  I'm going to leave the Web 
interface to the Wiki unavailable until the next generation wiki is 
completed (unless someone has a good reason why it needs to be 
restored ASAP).

-iain shigeoka (webmaster@jos.org)




From robfitz@geocities.com Thu, 17 Jun 1999 15:27:10 -0500
Date: Thu, 17 Jun 1999 15:27:10 -0500
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@geocities.com
Subject: [JOS] Any volunteers?

Hello everybody

I've been very quite since I sent my previous message, the main 
reason for this was to see what type of response I would get.

I did get a number of responses, and I would like to thank all those 
that volunteered to help.

I would recommend that anybody who wants to help me with the Kernel 
Interface should join the kernel mailing list at 
<URL:http://jos.org/mailman/listinfo/kernel>.  I will be starting the 
discussion soon, you'd better join now ;).  You can also look at the 
source so far of Kernel Interface at 
<URL:http://www.jos.org/cvsweb.cgi/jos/interfaces/kernel/>.

The interface at the moment consists of a set of undocumented C 
header files.  My plan is to discuss each header file, make changes, 
and add documentation.  We also need to write an interface document 
which will describe the kernel interface from the point of view of 
the kernel implementer and the jvm implementer.

Also, before I said the kernel interface would be discussed on the 
arch mailing list, but this isn't what the mailing list is for, so I 
will be using the kernel mailing list, sorry, (Iain, could you change 
the home page to reflect this?).

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@geocities.com




From iainshigeoka@yahoo.com Mon, 28 Jun 1999 09:36:46 -0700 (PDT)
Date: Mon, 28 Jun 1999 09:36:46 -0700 (PDT)
From: Iain Shigeoka iainshigeoka@yahoo.com
Subject: [JOS] WikiWeb upgrades... testers wanted

Hello everyone,

I've upgraded the wiki to use the new version of Wiki
(twiki) developed by Peter Thoeny (based on Markus's 
JosWiki).

I'd like people to test the installation and see if
everything works.  Notice that this is running on
the same wiki documents as the normal wiki so making
changes in either one affects the other... be careful.

Basically all you need to do is to substitute "twiki"
for "wiki" in a url to use the new twiki engine.  So

http://jos.org/wiki/view/main/WebOverhaul
becomes
http://jos.org/twiki/view/main/WebOverhaul

This will let you see the same pages, rendered with
the new engine.

If you want to see the new features of the twiki
substitute Main for main in the url's so as above:

http://jos.org/twiki/view/main/WebOverhaul
becomes
http://jos.org/twiki/view/Main/WebOverhaul

We get RCS integration back into wiki, searching,
indexing, referenced-by and stricter wiki markups.  
Notice that the stricter markups will not render
"_italic_." or "_italic _" the way the way the old
wiki did (italicizing it).  Instead you have to do
"_italic_ ." to get the same behavior.  This allows
us to use regular _'s where we want by simply not
"sticking" them to words and leaving blanks around.

There is also some category/topic features of the
new Wiki which I have not exposed yet.  To learn
more about the wiki in particular use:

http://jos.org/twiki/view/Wiki

If you have questions or comments, send them to 
admin@jos.org or directly to me webmaster@jos.org.

-iain (jos webmaster)
_________________________________________________________
Do You Yahoo!?
Get your free @yahoo.com address at http://mail.yahoo.com




From scode@scode.ddns.org Mon, 28 Jun 1999 22:15:10 +0200
Date: Mon, 28 Jun 1999 22:15:10 +0200
From: scode@scode.ddns.org scode@scode.ddns.org
Subject: [JOS] Packages

--kbCYTQG2MZjuOjyn
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable

Hello,

I've written a menubar/toolbar/etc builder for Swing ("ActionManager" on the
Wiki), and am about upload it to the CVS.

But before I do; which package would you guys find appropriate? At the mome=
nt
I've got in org.jos.util.resources.gui.actionmanager. Does that sound good?

--=20
/ Peter Schuller

---
PGP userID: 0x5584BD98 or 'Peter Schuller <scode@scode.ddns.org>'
E-Mail: scode@scode.ddns.org Web: http://hem.passagen.se/petersch
Help create a free Java based operating system - www.jos.org.



--kbCYTQG2MZjuOjyn
Content-Type: application/pgp-signature

-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: PGPfreeware 5.0i for non-commercial use
MessageID: EPi0cxfL+O6VTafOShAdLXYaxDJrdIGa

iQA/AwUBN3fXzcBfJ1FVhL2YEQK1KwCfQuapGtN0wwd+VZLugmh+k7I5PQMAniFx
6qJEQrBNgOkYvHdiUhR9yn5B
=L6Ss
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----

--kbCYTQG2MZjuOjyn--



From digigod@earthling.net Mon, 28 Jun 1999 15:18:31 -0700
Date: Mon, 28 Jun 1999 15:18:31 -0700
From: DigiGod Q =?iso-8859-1?Q?Frasch=E9?= digigod@earthling.net
Subject: [JOS] Packages

scode@scode.ddns.org wrote:
> I've written a menubar/toolbar/etc builder for Swing ("ActionManager" on the
> Wiki), and am about upload it to the CVS.
> 
> But before I do; which package would you guys find appropriate? At the moment
> I've got in org.jos.util.resources.gui.actionmanager. Does that sound good?

I dont remember where but somewhere it was mentioned that we put our stuff in org.jos.experimental.wikiname.package untill its been tested and everybody decides to put it in a more "official" place,
of course org.jos.experimental.peterschuller.util.resources.gui.actionmanager is quite long I can see how it would help in the long run and have hence, myself, adherred to it.
_________________________
DigiGod@earthling.net
AIM:DigiGod 86
_________________________
Quote of the Moment:
	"Why should I press the start button to turn my computer 
         off?" -Windows, go fig.
_________________________
Prank of the Moment:
	Using the conferencing feature of your office phone, dial
	one Induhvidual, then while it's ringing dial another and
	conference them together. Put your own phone on mute
	and listen to see how long they'll make small talk before
	figuring out that neither one placed the call.
O-



