From digigod@earthling.net Fri, 30 Apr 1999 20:37:17 -0700
Date: Fri, 30 Apr 1999 20:37:17 -0700
From: DigiGod Q =?iso-8859-1?Q?Frasch=E9?= digigod@earthling.net
Subject: [JOS] Wiki Pages

Iain Shigeoka wrote:
> No plans at the present.  There seemed to be quite a few people that
> were violently opposed to frames so I had pretty much removed it from
> consideration in the redesign.  Do you consider it a "must have" feature?

I know I dont, theres no point; most of the issues they bring up would slow us down (like we cant do that ourselves).
 
> If you have time, I'd really appreciate help reorganizing the Wiki.  The
> project signup page is not organized well.  If you could try and
> reorganize it that would help.  Actually we need a separate wiki page
> that is a nice list of active JOS projects (as a compliment to the working
> groups listing) with a link to each project's wiki page, and perhaps a
> short description.  Right now, its pretty difficult to figure out exactly
> what are the active jos projects...  You know, where actual code is
> being created to create concrete programs (as opposed to the working
> groups where ideas are being discussed and coding is optional).

This is what I attempted to do with JosReportCard although know one seemed to add there stuff (either that or we only have two projects only one with code!).
 
> The main wiki page could use some reorganization, and the jos irc
> meeting announcement should probably be moved to a separate
> JosAnnounce wiki page with only a one liner announcement and a link
> to the times on the main wiki page.  *whew*

I miss the OldMain
 
> I have been looking over the original wiki site (the site where we got the
> first copy of the wiki) and the way they keep things organized is they
> have several self-appointed wiki organizers that just go around and clean
> up pages, create "meta-pages" that basically summarize groups of
> pages and provide links to them, and organize the links between pages
> to make sense.  We (jos wiki) only seem to have people that create the
> "leaf" pages of the wiki.  We're missing the self-appointed organizers
> that help to organize, summarize and arrange the wiki pages.   So if you
> could, whenever you have the time, just start organizing when you see a
> need, it would help a ton.  I think many members are reluctant to edit
> other people's pages or create summaries which basically leaves a ton
> of pages "stranded" with only a few links to them buried deep inside the
> bodies of other pages...

Agreed, although this would be much easier if it was automated. Like adding a page to main/WorkingGroups/UserInterfaceGroup/ rather then adding a page to main/ then linking it to the
UserInterfacePage. And if on top of that tree structure you could navigate up and down pages automatically generated for each branch like:

 main/WorkingGroups contains: [up] [main] [help] [etc..]
     UserInterfaceGroup
     KernelGroup
     EtceteraEtcetera

     
_________________________
DigiGod@earthling.net
AIM:DigiGod 86
_________________________
Quote of the Moment:
	"Why should I press the start button to turn my computer 
         off?" -Windows, go fig.
_________________________
Prank of the Moment:
	Using the conferencing feature of your office phone, dial
	one Induhvidual, then while it's ringing dial another and
	conference them together. Put your own phone on mute
	and listen to see how long they'll make small talk before
	figuring out that neither one placed the call.
O-



From jm@mak.com Fri, 30 Apr 1999 20:42:20 -0400
Date: Fri, 30 Apr 1999 20:42:20 -0400
From: John Morrison jm@mak.com
Subject: [JOS] jjos+decaf status/update

Hi All;

(Sorry for the wide distribution, but I think this might be of general
interest.)

No, Todd and I have neither dropped dead nor given up.  So, what the
heck *have* we been up to, then?

(1)  We have re-written large segments of the guts of the JVM in order
to implement 64-bit Java types.  This involved substantial changes to
the representations of basic JVM objects.

(2) We have added an (incomplete) trace facility so you can watch the
Java opcodes run.

(3) We have fixed some bugs in the java array code.

(4) We have added "#ifdef PARANOID" subscript-checking array templates
which are now used throughout the code (e.g., the Java arrays).

(5) We have added inspector and mutator member functions to create
places one can set breakpoints to track down the places where
C++ instances get read/written (ah, to have a "who calls" facility).

(6) We have (incompletely) put in protection for member variables
(however, where we have done so, and where it is appropriate, we have
put in inspectors/mutators).

(7) We have (incompletely) put in "const" declarations.

(8) We have (incompletely) replaced explicit memory allocation calls
with C++ allocator calls (so constructors get fired up) so as to avoid
memory-initialization problems.

(9) We have (probably incompletely) inspected code to make sure
constructors actually initialize member variables to reasonable values.

(10) We have cleaned up lots of random things too numerous to mention.

(11) We have discussed coding conventions to enhance comprehensibility
of the code.

Currently in-process:

(1) We are reconciling our respective changes, and testing them a little
more thoroughly before committing the new sources to CVS.

(2) We are about to make some changes to the main JVM opcode-parsing
function to turn it into a method (probably) of the basic C++ class
which represents a Java thread.

(3) We are debating the "right" class hierarchy for java class
instances, java class objects, and java array objects (we think we're
converging).

Still to-do:

(1) We noticed that the basic 64-bit integer type we support is UNsigned
(whoops).  This needs to be changed for the java longs to work right.
If anybody feels so inclined, feel free to tackle this fairly
self-contained problem!

(2) We have discussed the relationship/identity of resolved vs.
unresolved Java classes, and we think we're converging on an approach.

(3) Sheesh, there are SO many other things, I'll just point you at the
"doc/TODO" file (once it's checked-in).

Sorry to be taking so long, but, hey, we're working as fast as we can
and yet still remain in good academic standing, employed, and married
(not necessarily in that order).

Very Truly Yours,

-jm






From dean@gallant.com Sat, 01 May 1999 08:12:08 -0400
Date: Sat, 01 May 1999 08:12:08 -0400
From: Dean S Jones dean@gallant.com
Subject: [JOS] Command Line idea


Al wrote:
> 
> "David C. Adams" wrote:
> 
> > There is a freeware ECMAscript implemented in Java. Maybe the
> > developer would be interested in sharing the code.
> 
> I have already contacted the author, and am testing the app. I assume
> you are talking about BeanShell, ne?

I think he was talking about FESI - the Free ECMA Script Interpreter.
A very nice piece of work:

http://home.worldcom.ch/~jmlugrin/fesi/index.html

Dean S Jones



From ktidwell@texomaonline.com Sat, 1 May 1999 09:35:29 -0500
Date: Sat, 1 May 1999 09:35:29 -0500
From: Tidwell ktidwell@texomaonline.com
Subject: [JOS] JOS partnership

This is a multi-part message in MIME format.

------=_NextPart_000_0048_01BE93B5.F43302E0
Content-Type: multipart/alternative;
	boundary="----=_NextPart_000_0045_01BE93B5.F4191240"


------=_NextPart_000_0045_01BE93B5.F4191240
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable

Hello.
=20
My name is Dustin Tidwell.  I am CEO of the startpoint corporation.  I =
am contacting you today to inquire as to the status of your Java OS.
=20
The reason that I ask is that startpoint is a privately funded company =
(that means there isn't any money yet) which seeks the development of an =
all-in-one internet site.  Not only do we wish to provide access to =
every utility available on the internet, but we also want to build a =
Java OS into our site.  This would allow all of our users, which =
subscribe free of charge, access to numerous programs and facilities.  =
No longer would they have to buy the expensive program for one use and =
then be stuck with it. =20
=20
Where we plan to make our money is the advertising revenue and =
licensing.  Computer application developers such as IBM and Microsoft =
would develop applications to run in Java, then pay us to allow our =
users to access them.  The application developers would still make money =
by selling the full product, or upgrades to the products.
=20
We are currently in the process of developing our full access site, but =
are at a loss when it comes to the Java OS.  Our programmers are mostly =
versed HTML & Visual Basic.  What I propose is that we arrange a =
partnership between our company and you.  Once it is available from our =
site, you will receive a portion of the revenue collected from the =
developers and advertisers, or some such arrangement.
=20
I hope that you will consider this proposal carefully.

------=_NextPart_000_0045_01BE93B5.F4191240
Content-Type: text/html;
	charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable

<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD W3 HTML//EN">
<HTML>
<HEAD>

<META content=3Dtext/html;charset=3Diso-8859-1 =
http-equiv=3DContent-Type>
<META content=3D'"MSHTML 4.72.2106.6"' name=3DGENERATOR>
</HEAD>
<BODY bgColor=3D#ffffff>
<DIV>
<DIV><FONT color=3D#000000 size=3D2>Hello.</FONT></DIV>
<DIV><FONT color=3D#000000 size=3D2></FONT>&nbsp;</DIV>
<DIV><FONT color=3D#000000 size=3D2>My name is Dustin Tidwell.&nbsp; I =
am CEO of the=20
startpoint corporation.&nbsp; I am contacting you today to inquire as to =
the=20
status of your Java OS.</FONT></DIV>
<DIV><FONT color=3D#000000 size=3D2></FONT>&nbsp;</DIV>
<DIV><FONT color=3D#000000 size=3D2>The reason that I ask is that =
startpoint is a=20
privately funded company (that means there isn't any money yet) which =
seeks the=20
development of an all-in-one internet site.&nbsp; Not only do we wish to =
provide=20
access to every utility available on the internet, but we also want to =
build a=20
Java OS into our site.&nbsp; This would allow all of our users, which =
subscribe=20
free of charge, access to numerous programs and facilities.&nbsp; No =
longer=20
would they have to buy the expensive program for one use and then be =
stuck with=20
it.&nbsp; </FONT></DIV>
<DIV><FONT color=3D#000000 size=3D2></FONT>&nbsp;</DIV>
<DIV><FONT color=3D#000000 size=3D2>Where we plan to make our money is =
the=20
advertising revenue and licensing.&nbsp; Computer application developers =
such as=20
IBM and Microsoft would develop applications to run in Java, then pay us =
to=20
allow our users to access them.&nbsp; The application developers would =
still=20
make money by selling the full product, or upgrades to the=20
products.</FONT></DIV>
<DIV><FONT color=3D#000000 size=3D2></FONT>&nbsp;</DIV>
<DIV><FONT color=3D#000000 size=3D2>We are currently in the process of =
developing=20
our full access site, but are at a loss when it comes to the Java =
OS.&nbsp; Our=20
programmers are mostly versed HTML &amp; Visual Basic.&nbsp; What I =
propose is=20
that we arrange a partnership between our company and you.&nbsp; Once it =
is=20
available from our site, you will receive a portion of the revenue =
collected=20
from the developers and advertisers, or some such =
arrangement.</FONT></DIV>
<DIV><FONT color=3D#000000 size=3D2></FONT>&nbsp;</DIV>
<DIV><FONT color=3D#000000 size=3D2>I hope that you will consider this =
proposal=20
carefully.</FONT></DIV></DIV></BODY></HTML>

------=_NextPart_000_0045_01BE93B5.F4191240--

------=_NextPart_000_0048_01BE93B5.F43302E0
Content-Type: application/x-pkcs7-signature;
	name="smime.p7s"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: base64
Content-Disposition: attachment;
	filename="smime.p7s"
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------=_NextPart_000_0048_01BE93B5.F43302E0--





From robfitz@geocities.com Sun, 2 May 1999 21:01:29 -0500
Date: Sun, 2 May 1999 21:01:29 -0500
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@geocities.com
Subject: [JOS] IRC Meeting - May 1999

Hi everybody

We had a really good meeting today, we covered a lot, mainly stuff 
about the web site.

The web site:

* We need volunteers to be wiki guardians, there job is to maintain 
the wiki pages group them together, index them, etc.
* A Java applet for editing the wiki pages.
* Add support to the wiki web for searching and indexing of wik pages.
* Project status and events pages need to be made.
* Also a few changes to the wike templates.

Organizational structure:

* We need a point of contact or representative, this person will just 
be a stand in until a person can be voted into the position.  The 
main reason for this is this email message to the admin mailing list 
<URL:http://jos.org/pipermail/admin/1999-May/000067.html>.
* Markus would you be able to put the wiki web source into the cvs 
repository?

Design:

* I believe it is starting to worry people that there are two 
different kernel development efforts taking place, JJOS by John 
Morrison and rjk by myself (Robert Fitzsimons).  I'm not to worried 
about it myself, I want JOS to be a plugable operating system at all 
levels.  This means even if the kernel and jvm are closely coupled as 
I believe is the case with JJOS and decaf (by Todd Miller), that is 
ok, as long as it is compatible at a different level, maybe the jvm 
and class library level.

Something else:

I also talked with gchii about a job his company are working on, for 
which a Java operating system would seem like the perfect based.  The 
problem is that he needs it now, not in year (maybe longer) for JOS 
to reach a proper stage of development.

So we talked about using the Linux kernel, the Blackdown port of 
Sun's JVM, and X Windows.  I'm starting to warm to this idea, it 
would allow development of the rest of the system (non kernel, jvm, 
drivers).

Now, how I would do this is, to use the Linux kernel for the kernel 
and drivers, Japhar as the jvm, Classpath as the class libraries, and 
the frame buffer support in the latest kernels or svgalib for 
graphics.  Does anybody want to work on this?

The next meeting will be on Sunday 6th of June 1999, at 17:00 UTC, on 
your local Undernet IRC server.

The logs for this meeting are available at 
<URL:http://www.jos.org/~robfitz/jos-19990502.zip> (21 kb), previous 
meetings logs can be found at 
<URL:http://www.jos.org/wiki/view/main/Logs>.  

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@geocities.com




From clark.evans@manhattanproject.com Mon, 03 May 1999 02:21:52 +0000
Date: Mon, 03 May 1999 02:21:52 +0000
From: Clark Evans clark.evans@manhattanproject.com
Subject: [JOS] Ann: NSF & Distributed Copyright

Well all.  About a year ago we had hudge licensing 
debates, at that time I mostly withdrew from JOS
to spend more time on those issues.

Anyway, as it turns out, I received an NSF grant
this January to work on bookkeeping system and
to further develop a 'commercial open source'
license.    

I'm not 'done' yet, however, I think I'm 
ready for your comments.   

The NSF grant:

	http://clarkevans.com/nsf.html

The Distributed Copyright model:

	http://distributedcopyright.org/

Anyway, either Tomorow or the next day
I'm going to try and write up a small
article for SlashDot, and hopefully they
might humor me.  :)

Best Wishes,

Clark

P.S. 

Helmut should be enabling the list server
for discussion soon, so the mailing list mentioned
on the page might not totally work yet (the 
confirmation currently bounces, and that's 
as far as you can get).  So, if you could hold
your coments untill the list starts working,
this would be great.



From hackcat@banzai.apana.org.au Tue, 4 May 1999 08:00:52 +1000
Date: Tue, 4 May 1999 08:00:52 +1000
From: Geoff O'Callaghan hackcat@banzai.apana.org.au
Subject: [JOS] IRC Meeting - May 1999

In article <199905030202.CAA15872@vti.ie> you wrote:
> Hi everybody

> We had a really good meeting today, we covered a lot, mainly stuff 
> about the web site.

Sorry I missed it.

[snip]

> Design:

> * I believe it is starting to worry people that there are two 
> different kernel development efforts taking place, JJOS by John 
> Morrison and rjk by myself (Robert Fitzsimons).  I'm not to worried 
> about it myself, I want JOS to be a plugable operating system at all 
> levels.  This means even if the kernel and jvm are closely coupled as 
> I believe is the case with JJOS and decaf (by Todd Miller), that is 
> ok, as long as it is compatible at a different level, maybe the jvm 
> and class library level.

> Something else:

[snip]

> So we talked about using the Linux kernel, the Blackdown port of 
> Sun's JVM, and X Windows.  I'm starting to warm to this idea, it 
> would allow development of the rest of the system (non kernel, jvm, 
> drivers).

> Now, how I would do this is, to use the Linux kernel for the kernel 
> and drivers, Japhar as the jvm, Classpath as the class libraries, and 
> the frame buffer support in the latest kernels or svgalib for 
> graphics.  Does anybody want to work on this?

This is what i've been working on for the past week of so.  It's 
progressing slowly but surely - nothing really useable yet but it shows
great promise.  

Cheers
Geoff

-- 
Geoff O'Callaghan
hackcat@banzai.apana.org.au



From robfitz@geocities.com Mon, 3 May 1999 19:45:28 -0500
Date: Mon, 3 May 1999 19:45:28 -0500
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@geocities.com
Subject: [JOS] IRC Meeting - May 1999

Hi Geoff

> > Now, how I would do this is, to use the Linux kernel for the
> > kernel and drivers, Japhar as the jvm, Classpath as the class
> > libraries, and the frame buffer support in the latest kernels or
> > svgalib for graphics.  Does anybody want to work on this? 
> 
> This is what i've been working on for the past week of so.  It's
> progressing slowly but surely - nothing really useable yet but it
> shows great promise.  

Could you send more details on what you are using and how you are 
going this?

I have in the past, not liked the idea of using and existing kernel 
and jvm.  But I have been turned around on this idea, i'm even 
willing to put my work on rjk on hold for a month or two, to work on 
this.  So lets see what we come up with.

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@geocities.com




From digigod@earthling.net Mon, 03 May 1999 22:05:06 -0700
Date: Mon, 03 May 1999 22:05:06 -0700
From: DigiGod Q =?iso-8859-1?Q?Frasch=E9?= digigod@earthling.net
Subject: [JOS] IRC Meeting - May 1999

Robert Fitzsimons wrote:
> I have in the past, not liked the idea of using and existing kernel
> and jvm.  But I have been turned around on this idea, i'm even
> willing to put my work on rjk on hold for a month or two, to work on
> this.  So lets see what we come up with.

even though Im not working on the kernel (my knowledge on that topic is limited to: "kernel good") Im with you, I wanted us to make our own but now Im ready to just slap something together and replace
it later.

_________________________
DigiGod@earthling.net
AIM:DigiGod 86
_________________________
Quote of the Moment:
	"Why should I press the start button to turn my computer 
         off?" -Windows, go fig.
_________________________
Prank of the Moment:
	Using the conferencing feature of your office phone, dial
	one Induhvidual, then while it's ringing dial another and
	conference them together. Put your own phone on mute
	and listen to see how long they'll make small talk before
	figuring out that neither one placed the call.
O-



From hackcat@banzai.apana.org.au Tue, 4 May 1999 19:46:09 +1000
Date: Tue, 4 May 1999 19:46:09 +1000
From: Geoff O'Callaghan hackcat@banzai.apana.org.au
Subject: [JOS] IRC Meeting - May 1999

In article <199905040047.AAA00028@vti.ie> you wrote:
> Hi Geoff

[snip]

>> 
>> This is what i've been working on for the past week of so.  It's
>> progressing slowly but surely - nothing really useable yet but it
>> shows great promise.  

> Could you send more details on what you are using and how you are 
> going this?

Ok...  What i've been working on is the *absolute* minimum i386 based
linux system to be able to fully support a useable jvm execution environment.
This I figured would be enough to allow the real work to get going on
the Java OS part of JOS.  Basically I hope to have soon the absolute
linux basics (kernel, + enough support environment to run japhar or
the Blackdown JVM (probably japhar in the medium term) and svgalib or the 
newer framebuffer stuff).

Then what i'd like to see is the direct integration of the jvm into
an even further stripped down Linux kernel and some of this now hybrid linux
/ java kernel implemented into JJOS.  

From then on a synergistic approach to JJOS development and kernel reduction
should lead to a minimization of the Linux specific code and a nice clean
kernel support environment for JOS.

> I have in the past, not liked the idea of using and existing kernel 
> and jvm.  But I have been turned around on this idea, i'm even 
> willing to put my work on rjk on hold for a month or two, to work on 
> this.  So lets see what we come up with.

I think we need to do whatever we can to maximize the use of 
our time and resources.
What i've actually got at the moment is pretty disorganized but I should be
able to put it into coherent order within a couple of weeks.  I'll put together
a brief document on how to create this minimal system and see how many
people get turned on.

Cheers

Geoff O'Callaghan
hackcat@banzai.apana.org.au

p.s. Sorry about the delay - I'll add my work address to the list so that
I can e-chat more frequently.




From tim.lewis@soe.securicor.co.uk Wed, 5 May 1999 09:13:47 +0000
Date: Wed, 5 May 1999 09:13:47 +0000
From: tim.lewis@soe.securicor.co.uk tim.lewis@soe.securicor.co.uk
Subject: [JOS] Wiki Pages

I don't see frames as a must have feature, but they can be very useful.
However, if people don't want a frames based web site then there's no need
to go annoying anyone!!!

I'll start having a go at a bit of re-organisation then.  I can't promise
huge amounts of time but bits and bobs here and there.

Cheers,

Tim.




"Iain Shigeoka" <shigeoka@ukans.edu> on 30/04/99 04:33:33

Please respond to shigeoka@ukans.edu

To:   Tim Lewis/SOE IT/Sutton/SOE
cc:   general@jos.org
Subject:  Re: [JOS] Wiki Pages




Hello,
> Just thought I'd give a bit of input on the new style wiki pages.  I
think
> they look really good.  Easy to read and pretty easy to navigate around.
I
> can't remember who is responsible for them (hence mailing here) but well
> done.
Thanks.
> Any thoughts on producing a frame based version at some point?  I know
this
> produces a few issues.  Actually, if you need any help on the page
> re-design / update then let me know.
No plans at the present.  There seemed to be quite a few people that
were violently opposed to frames so I had pretty much removed it from
consideration in the redesign.  Do you consider it a "must have" feature?
If you have time, I'd really appreciate help reorganizing the Wiki.  The
project signup page is not organized well.  If you could try and
reorganize it that would help.  Actually we need a separate wiki page
that is a nice list of active JOS projects (as a compliment to the working
groups listing) with a link to each project's wiki page, and perhaps a
short description.  Right now, its pretty difficult to figure out exactly
what are the active jos projects...  You know, where actual code is
being created to create concrete programs (as opposed to the working
groups where ideas are being discussed and coding is optional).
The main wiki page could use some reorganization, and the jos irc
meeting announcement should probably be moved to a separate
JosAnnounce wiki page with only a one liner announcement and a link
to the times on the main wiki page.  *whew*
I have been looking over the original wiki site (the site where we got the
first copy of the wiki) and the way they keep things organized is they
have several self-appointed wiki organizers that just go around and clean
up pages, create "meta-pages" that basically summarize groups of
pages and provide links to them, and organize the links between pages
to make sense.  We (jos wiki) only seem to have people that create the
"leaf" pages of the wiki.  We're missing the self-appointed organizers
that help to organize, summarize and arrange the wiki pages.   So if you
could, whenever you have the time, just start organizing when you see a
need, it would help a ton.  I think many members are reluctant to edit
other people's pages or create summaries which basically leaves a ton
of pages "stranded" with only a few links to them buried deep inside the
bodies of other pages...
Sorry for the rant.  Just trying to be a cheerleader for some self-
appointed wiki organizers to emerge and start aggressively organizing
the wiki.  :)
-iain









From adric@adric.com Tue, 4 May 1999 01:27:30 -0400
Date: Tue, 4 May 1999 01:27:30 -0400
From: adric adric@adric.com
Subject: [JOS] IRC Meeting - May 1999


> We need a point of contact or representative, this person will just
>be a stand in until a person can be voted into the position.  The
>main reason for this is this email message to the admin mailing list
><URL:http://jos.org/pipermail/admin/1999-May/000067.html>.


That would be me.  I haven't replied to that email, though, as I wanted to
discuss it with everyone first.  I am not sure that the corp understands
that we are an org, and what the difference is.  I don't see any trouble
with them using our code, except that we  don't have a license yet (cough)
Clark? (cough)..

We should probably take this up on the info list, but I'm not sure it's
working yet (?)

Anyway, what are y'alls comments on the proposal from Mr Dustin Tidwell of
Startpoint Corporation?

-adric@adric.com
(excuse any inadvertant Outlook crap..sigh)





From shigeoka@ukans.edu Thu, 6 May 1999 23:45:36 -0500
Date: Thu, 6 May 1999 23:45:36 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka shigeoka@ukans.edu
Subject: [JOS] IRC Meeting - May 1999

> discuss it with everyone first.  I am not sure that the corp understands
> that we are an org, and what the difference is.  I don't see any trouble

I KNOW that the corp does NOT understand that we are an org.  I 
actually recieved that email from Mr. Tidwell first (it was sent to 
webmaster@jos.org) and replied to him, trying to explain that we were 
an org, that we were an open-source movement (with appropriate links), 
and that any sort of "business" relationship would have to be voted on 
(or at least referred to "someone in charge").  At the last point, I gave 
him the email address of the mailing list... Evidently, he only read the 
part about the mailing list, and just reposted the same darn message 
here.

> Anyway, what are y'alls comments on the proposal from Mr Dustin Tidwell of
> Startpoint Corporation?

If they contribute to the code base, user base, or non-existant jos cash 
reserves, it seems like a good deal for jos.

-iain



From gfx@e-com.cc Sat, 08 May 1999 22:08:01 +0200
Date: Sat, 08 May 1999 22:08:01 +0200
From: Romain Guy gfx@e-com.cc
Subject: [JOS] New software anouncement

A new text editor is being released in the package org.jos.app.editor !!
Its name is Jext. Until I've uploaded its sources, you can try it while
downloading it at: http://members.aol.com/romainguy/jext.zip
It is only 235 kb to download, and I'm sure you'll like it !!

                        Romain





From jm@mak.com Mon, 10 May 1999 08:38:06 -0400
Date: Mon, 10 May 1999 08:38:06 -0400
From: John Morrison jm@mak.com
Subject: [JOS] An idea for increasing the number of code-writers

Hello All;

Sorry for the wide distribution, but, as should become clear from the rest of
this message, we're seeking programming help beyond just the "kernel" group.

In general, I get the feeling that we need to increase the number of people
writing actual code.  I'm sure there are people Out There who want to write
code, but don't know either where or how to jump in.  In specific, as Todd and I
work on jjos+decaf, we sometimes are held up because we have to build some
infrastructure first before building the Java-specific functionality we're
*really* after.

For example, as we think about building some method-lookup machinery for
"built-in" classes, we discovered we could *really* use a good hash-table C++
template.  

If Todd and/or I would put out requests for implementation of reasonably
well-defined pieces of toolsmithing (e.g., "Help! We need a good hashtable
template!"), would anybody Out There be interested in contributing?  

Right now, I can think of two obvious things we need:

(1) The hashtable template, for use with UTF8->function pointer mappings, and

(2) A Boehm-something-or-other derived conservative garbage collector (I can
provide references and pointers to other implementations).

Please reply either to the various lists or to me personally.

Thanks!

-jm

-- 
==== John Morrison            ==== MaK Technologies, Inc.
==== Chief Technology Officer ==== 185 Alewife Brook Pkwy, Cambridge, MA 02138
==== jm@mak.com               ==== http://www.mak.com/welcome.html
==== vox:617-876-8085 x115    ==== fax:617-876-9208




From whooops@gmx.de Thu, 13 May 1999 22:42:04 +0200
Date: Thu, 13 May 1999 22:42:04 +0200
From: Mark whooops@gmx.de
Subject: [JOS] Using AOP in JOS

Hi.
I recently read an article about AspectJ and wanted to know if I/we
could use it for jos development. It's available for free, but the
license is cruel. I'm in contact with a person out of the team and
they're willing to change it.

AspectJ is an implementation of AOP done by Xerox' PARC, which extends
Java. 
AspectJ adds aspects to objects. For example debugging could be an
aspect. With AspectJ you'd put this special aspect outside the object. 
This makes code much more maintainable and objects much more OO.

I'm not sure about AOP, as nobody really is (AFAIK). It's still
researched, although it seams already very usable in particular
purposes.

What do you think?

Wiki:
   * AspectJ
   * AOP




From shigeoka@ukans.edu Fri, 14 May 1999 02:53:43 -0500
Date: Fri, 14 May 1999 02:53:43 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka shigeoka@ukans.edu
Subject: [JOS] Announce list?

Hello,

I was working on a new front page for the web site and found that we 
don't have an Announce only mailing list!  Or do we and I just can't find 
it?  Or are we to use Vote-Info? I can see arguements that maybe 
admin or general fill this role but both lists have too much traffic (such 
as this one) that aren't really announcements.

Anyhow, it seems that we really need a separate read-only, low traffic 
announce mailing list.  Only major announcements from "qualified 
people" can post to this list.  People only vaguely interested in JOS 
(such as members of the press) or those that want to "monitor" jos 
without having to deal with any "noise" can use this list to keep tabs on 
JOS.  

Clark.  Can you set this up?  I can't see why there would be any 
objections unless an announce only list already exists and I wanted to 
get this new front page posted to the web asap.  Thanks.

-iain shigeoka



From bkn3@columbia.edu Thu, 13 May 1999 16:14:43 -0400 (EDT)
Date: Thu, 13 May 1999 16:14:43 -0400 (EDT)
From: Bradley Keith Neuberg bkn3@columbia.edu
Subject: [JOS] Using AOP in JOS

Not sure exactly what Aspects are, but I have something called Dynamic
Composition that lets you add Facets to primary objects, to extend their
behavior at run-time without the object having to know about the Facets.
It's under the LGPL; do you want it?

On Thu, 13 May 1999, Mark wrote:

> Hi.
> I recently read an article about AspectJ and wanted to know if I/we
> could use it for jos development. It's available for free, but the
> license is cruel. I'm in contact with a person out of the team and
> they're willing to change it.
> 
> AspectJ is an implementation of AOP done by Xerox' PARC, which extends
> Java. 
> AspectJ adds aspects to objects. For example debugging could be an
> aspect. With AspectJ you'd put this special aspect outside the object. 
> This makes code much more maintainable and objects much more OO.
> 
> I'm not sure about AOP, as nobody really is (AFAIK). It's still
> researched, although it seams already very usable in particular
> purposes.
> 
> What do you think?
> 
> Wiki:
>    * AspectJ
>    * AOP
> 
> 
> _______________________________________________
> General maillist  -  General@jos.org
> http://jos.org/mailman/listinfo/general
> 




From jazzcat@dds.nl Fri, 14 May 1999 11:18:13 +0200 (MET DST)
Date: Fri, 14 May 1999 11:18:13 +0200 (MET DST)
From: Richard Smol jazzcat@dds.nl
Subject: [JOS] Using AOP in JOS

On Thu, 13 May 1999, Bradley Keith Neuberg wrote:

> Not sure exactly what Aspects are, but I have something called Dynamic
> Composition that lets you add Facets to primary objects, to extend their
> behavior at run-time without the object having to know about the Facets.
> It's under the LGPL; do you want it?

That sounds very handy, but Aspects are a totally different beastie 
altogether. They form a new programming paradigm and lately they have 
been implemented in existing OO languages, primarily Smalltalk but 
nowadays Java as well. 

I am just now delving into Aspect Oriented Programming and am pretty much 
learning, so I can't tell you all the ins and outs myself. But do visit 
Xerox' AOP site: http://www.parc.xerox.com/spl/projects/aop
AspectJ is in http://www.parc.xerox.com/spl/projects/aop/aspectj

I have a hunch that AOP would indeed be very handy for a project like 
JOS. The thing is though that you need an Aspect Weaver (sort of like a 
specialized compiler). I don't know of any GPL'ed ones.

Greetz,

RS



From warpi@spin.de Fri, 14 May 1999 09:42:23 +0000
Date: Fri, 14 May 1999 09:42:23 +0000
From: Markus Peter warpi@spin.de
Subject: [JOS] Re: [JOS-Admin] Announce list?

Iain Shigeoka wrote:
> 
> Hello,
> 
> I was working on a new front page for the web site and found that we
> don't have an Announce only mailing list!  Or do we and I just can't find
> it?  Or are we to use Vote-Info? I can see arguements that maybe
> admin or general fill this role but both lists have too much traffic (such
> as this one) that aren't really announcements.

There is an announce only mailing list already, running on
the SPiN servers. I did not know the subscribe information
did vanish. The reason we could not migrate the announce mailing
list to the new mailman lists is that it seems mailman could
not handle the 2000+ subscriptions on the announce list we
already have.

-- 
Markus Peter (SPiN GmbH - Java, Webdesign, Perl, Databases)




From ryan@whitewolf.com.au Mon, 17 May 1999 18:11:08 +1000
Date: Mon, 17 May 1999 18:11:08 +1000
From: Ryan Heise ryan@whitewolf.com.au
Subject: [JOS] Using AOP in JOS

Richard Smol wrote:

> I have a hunch that AOP would indeed be very handy for a project like
> JOS.

The idea of aspects cutting across classes is interesting but the
current design of AspectJ seems to be limited in what places you can cut
through a class. Here are the defined entry points:

before
after
catch
finally

Suppose you had a method that calls super.method() on its last line. You
may wish for an aspect to cut through just above where it calls
super.method(). Also, I could imagine the need to be able to cut through
at any point in a method. For example, a debug aspect may wish to insert
a debug message inside an if block. This could be implemented in AspectJ
by allowing markers to be inserted in the code that can be targeted by
an aspect. There could be more elegant ways.

<brain.dump>
hmm.. I wonder whether the idea of aspects can be generalised even
further than the basic object + aspects idea. Maybe a class can be
defined in terms of a number of intersecting aspects...
</brain.dump>

> The thing is though that you need an Aspect Weaver (sort of like a
> specialized compiler). I don't know of any GPL'ed ones.

It would not be too difficult to implement one since its main task is
copying lines of code from the Aspect into intersected classes.

If I ever switched to using something like AspectJ, I would also want
other language features in addition such as genericity and pre/post
conditions. If someone wants to work on a (pre)compiler for an Aspect
oriented language, they might want to consider adding these.

-- 
Ryan Heise

http://www.progsoc.uts.edu.au/~rheise/



From shigeoka@ukans.edu Mon, 17 May 1999 23:21:03 -0500
Date: Mon, 17 May 1999 23:21:03 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka shigeoka@ukans.edu
Subject: [JOS] Website updates

Hello all,

The front page (static page) at www.jos.org and the main wiki page have 
been updated (along with a few small cosmetic changes through out the 
site/wiki).  Please take a look and send comments and feedback either 
to the list or directly to me.  Thanks.

-iain shigeoka (IainS) shigeoka@ukans.edu



From whooops@gmx.de Tue, 18 May 1999 16:58:40 +0200
Date: Tue, 18 May 1999 16:58:40 +0200
From: Mark whooops@gmx.de
Subject: [JOS] Using AOP in JOS

Ryan Heise wrote:

> The idea of aspects cutting across classes is interesting but the
> current design of AspectJ seems to be limited in what places you can cut
> through a class. Here are the defined entry points:
> 
> before
> after
> catch
> finally

No, it seems to can do more according to the aj primer. E.g. "automatic
composition".(I had no time to read+understand the full primer, I'm
going to dig through this this weekend)

> <brain.dump>
> hmm.. I wonder whether the idea of aspects can be generalised even 
> further than the basic object + aspects idea. Maybe a class can be
> defined in terms of a number of intersecting aspects...
> </brain.dump>

The most important thing is to keep a certain grade of encapsulation,
IMHO AspectJ has to manage this... Could be done by Interfaces (? define
an interface for every object?). Sounds possible, but is AOP
(standalone) as powerful as OOP+AOP?

> It would not be too difficult to implement one since its main task is
> copying lines of code from the Aspect into intersected classes.

It's one thing to compete with an existing product and another to
compete with Xerox PARC in developing a new programming paradigm. If at
all, IMHO we should concentrate in pushing the development of aj and or
in general the application of aop to java, so when the question of a
reimplementation comes we'd have a good product to reimplement.

regards.mark.a.m



From robfitz@geocities.com Sun, 30 May 1999 16:40:34 -0500
Date: Sun, 30 May 1999 16:40:34 -0500
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@geocities.com
Subject: [JOS] Notice for IRC Meeting on 6th June 1999

Hi everybody

There is going to be an IRC meeting this Sunday the 6th of June 1999, 
at 17:00 UTC for two hours.  This meeting will taking place on the 
Undernet IRC Network.

I would like to discuss the following topics:
* The Constitution <URL:http://jos.org/wiki/view/main/Constitution>, 
there should be a vote coming up on this soon.
* The Kernel Interface, I have updated the Kernel Interface, so that 
I should be able to start working on a JOS-Linux host soon.
* The plans for the next month.

Also, would anybody like to have a face-to-face meeting?  The story 
is that I was hoping to go to JavaOne but that isn't going to happen 
this (maybe next year ;).

But the company i'm working for says, I can have a free set of 
flights, so I was hoping to fly to the US (i'm in Mexico at the 
moment) and meet some of the others working on JOS.

The only problem I see is that the meeting would have to take place 
before the end of June.  But I wasn't thinking of anything big, just 
a couple of us meeting up for a few hours.

Also there isn't really a problem with where I go, so is there 
anybody up for this?

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@geocities.com




