From robfitz@273k.net Tue, 8 Aug 2000 04:34:11 +0000
Date: Tue, 8 Aug 2000 04:34:11 +0000
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@273k.net
Subject: [JOS] IRC Chat

Hi All

Is there anybody who would like an IRC chat this weekend?  I've got a
lot of free time and no TV, so I need something to do. ;)

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@273k.net (new email address)





From jewel@pixie.co.za Mon, 07 Aug 2000 13:47:36 -0200 (GMT+2)
Date: Mon, 07 Aug 2000 13:47:36 -0200 (GMT+2)
From: John Leuner jewel@pixie.co.za
Subject: [JOS] IRC Chat

> Is there anybody who would like an IRC chat this weekend?  I've got a
> lot of free time and no TV, so I need something to do. ;)

I'm keen, should we discuss what we want to discuss on the list so long?

:-)

John Leuner






From iainshigeoka@yahoo.com Tue, 08 Aug 2000 11:24:58 -0500
Date: Tue, 08 Aug 2000 11:24:58 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka iainshigeoka@yahoo.com
Subject: [JOS] IRC Chat

At 01:47 PM 8/7/00 -0200, John Leuner wrote:
> > Is there anybody who would like an IRC chat this weekend?  I've got a
> > lot of free time and no TV, so I need something to do. ;)

Well, I don't own a TV which means I have a TON of free time... I wish I 
did.  Somehow even without a TV I manage to have way too much to do!  :)

I do think a chat would be a good idea.

Oh, and nice to hear from you again Robert.  Long time no email!

>I'm keen, should we discuss what we want to discuss on the list so long?

It would be nice to put together an agenda if we have any important topics 
to discuss.  Of course, if we go that far, we might as well make it an 
"official JOS meeting".  Shall we set a day/time so I can announce it on 
the jos website?  I was also thinking it wouldn't be a bad idea to restart 
the monthly JOS meetings if we can get a big enough group to attend.

I personally do have an agenda I'd like to promote:

1. State of the Union - It would be nice to create a JOS quarterly report 
or at least discuss the current state of JOS.  I have a vague idea of 
what's going on but it would be nice to get other people's impressions/input.

2.  JOS.org - creation of an official legal non-profit entity to enable 
fund raising and to formulate agreements/partnerships etc on behalf of the 
JOS project.  This was discussed as a "Good Thing To Do (tm)" a few weeks 
ago on the admin list.  Funds can be used to defray costs which are 
currently coming out of JOS member pockets, and perhaps sponsor 
trips/meetings/conferences, etc.  I guess ultimately, we may even be able 
to do something like FreeBSD and hire a minimal full time staff of 
programmers to work on JOS full time.  The timing is good because of point 3.

3.  Sponsorship - pushing forward, Etoolz (the company I work for) has 
contacted our parent company Eagle Wireless and both companies are very 
interested in forming a relationship and sponsorship with the JOS 
project.  This would dovetail nicely with a JOS.org if it existed.  I would 
like to discuss how this might work, people's opinions on such a 
relationship, etc.

4.  Website - I'm about 75% done with a rewrite of the jos 
website.  Hopefully, I'll get a prototype setup so you can give me some 
feedback.  If not, at least get some ideas on what people see as being 
needed additions/changes from the current site design.

-iain





From jewel@pixie.co.za Tue, 08 Aug 2000 15:14:56 -0200 (GMT+2)
Date: Tue, 08 Aug 2000 15:14:56 -0200 (GMT+2)
From: John Leuner jewel@pixie.co.za
Subject: [JOS] IRC Chat

> > > Is there anybody who would like an IRC chat this weekend?  I've got a
> > > lot of free time and no TV, so I need something to do. ;)
> 
> Well, I don't own a TV which means I have a TON of free time... I wish I 
> did.  Somehow even without a TV I manage to have way too much to do!  :)
> 
> I do think a chat would be a good idea.
> 
> Oh, and nice to hear from you again Robert.  Long time no email!
> 
> >I'm keen, should we discuss what we want to discuss on the list so long?
> 
> It would be nice to put together an agenda if we have any important topics 
> to discuss.  Of course, if we go that far, we might as well make it an 
> "official JOS meeting".  Shall we set a day/time so I can announce it on 
> the jos website?  I was also thinking it wouldn't be a bad idea to restart 
> the monthly JOS meetings if we can get a big enough group to attend.
> 
> I personally do have an agenda I'd like to promote:

My agenda involves more technical stuff, I'm hoping some of the kernel
people can attend, I'ld like to chat about the current situation at the 
kernel / vm level and the future.

John Leuner







From robfitz@273k.net Wed, 9 Aug 2000 13:40:47 +0000
Date: Wed, 9 Aug 2000 13:40:47 +0000
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@273k.net
Subject: [JOS] IRC Chat

> > > Is there anybody who would like an IRC chat this weekend?  I've got a
> > > lot of free time and no TV, so I need something to do. ;)
> 
> Well, I don't own a TV which means I have a TON of free time... I wish I 
> did.  Somehow even without a TV I manage to have way too much to do!  :)

Don't take this to mean I need a TV (but it would be nice ;), but i'm
now living in Chicago, with no family, friends, TV, or car to keep me
busy.  So all I have to keep me busy is work and, my laptop and cable modem.

> It would be nice to put together an agenda if we have any important topics 
> to discuss.  Of course, if we go that far, we might as well make it an 
> "official JOS meeting".  Shall we set a day/time so I can announce it on 
> the jos website?  I was also thinking it wouldn't be a bad idea to restart 
> the monthly JOS meetings if we can get a big enough group to attend.

Sure lets put together an agenda, i'll send an updated of what i've been
working on over the last number of month later on today.

> I personally do have an agenda I'd like to promote:
> 
> 1. State of the Union - It would be nice to create a JOS quarterly report 
> or at least discuss the current state of JOS.  I have a vague idea of 
> what's going on but it would be nice to get other people's impressions/input.

Yes, we really need this.  It's be a long time since the last quarterly
(yearly) report.

> 2.  JOS.org - creation of an official legal non-profit entity to enable 
> fund raising and to formulate agreements/partnerships etc on behalf of the 
> JOS project.  This was discussed as a "Good Thing To Do (tm)" a few weeks 
> ago on the admin list.  Funds can be used to defray costs which are 
> currently coming out of JOS member pockets, and perhaps sponsor 
> trips/meetings/conferences, etc.  I guess ultimately, we may even be able 
> to do something like FreeBSD and hire a minimal full time staff of 
> programmers to work on JOS full time.  The timing is good because of point 3.
> 
> 3.  Sponsorship - pushing forward, Etoolz (the company I work for) has 
> contacted our parent company Eagle Wireless and both companies are very 
> interested in forming a relationship and sponsorship with the JOS 
> project.  This would dovetail nicely with a JOS.org if it existed.  I would 
> like to discuss how this might work, people's opinions on such a 
> relationship, etc.

I like these ideas, but I thing it's important to talk about how it
would/could happen.  Even though I would be happy to help pay money if it
was needed.

> 4.  Website - I'm about 75% done with a rewrite of the jos 
> website.  Hopefully, I'll get a prototype setup so you can give me some 
> feedback.  If not, at least get some ideas on what people see as being 
> needed additions/changes from the current site design.

I'm looking forward to seeing it.

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@273k.net





From iainshigeoka@yahoo.com Wed, 09 Aug 2000 10:19:45 -0500
Date: Wed, 09 Aug 2000 10:19:45 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka iainshigeoka@yahoo.com
Subject: [JOS] IRC Chat

At 03:14 PM 8/8/00 -0200, you wrote:

> > I personally do have an agenda I'd like to promote:
>
>My agenda involves more technical stuff, I'm hoping some of the kernel
>people can attend, I'ld like to chat about the current situation at the
>kernel / vm level and the future.

Well, if Todd shows up, that's pretty much the kernel people right now I 
think.  ;)

-iain





From robfitz@273k.net Thu, 10 Aug 2000 03:31:55 +0000
Date: Thu, 10 Aug 2000 03:31:55 +0000
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@273k.net
Subject: [JOS] What i've been working on.

Hi All

Well i've been in Chicago for almost six months now, and for four month
I was living in a hotel.  Also for the first month I had no access to
the internet (I don't know how I didn't kill myself ;), and no access to
a computer outside of work.

Since I got my laptop I haven't had access to a second computer to test
with i've been unable to get much work done on RJK, so over the last few
months i've been working on a JVM.

My goals for this JVM are to allow the running of multipule Java
Processes inside the one JVM, share as much class information as possible
between Processes, and be small and fast.

I followed the discussions on the arch mailing list about sharing data
between Processes.  But i'm not sure if I realy like the out come of that
discussion, although I did like some of the ideas.  But i've drawn from
ideas used by lots of JVM, i.e. Japhar, Chives, etc.

My current code base is written in ANSI C and runs on Linux, though this
may change soon.  The code is currently able to parse a classfile into
the internal format used by my JVM, and i'm currently working on having
the Java bytecode converted to native code (ake JIT compiler).

I've been taking my time with this and i've completely rewritten in about
three times so far.  I don't plan to release it yet as I want it to be
able to excute some code first, although previous code bases were able
to interpret some code until they reached a native method.

I also think i'm going to releasing my code under GPL, so if anybody has
a problem with this now would be a good time to discuss it.

Once the JVM is able to excute most code i'll proably go back and work
on RJK.

That about it for the moment.

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@273k.net





From iainshigeoka@yahoo.com Thu, 10 Aug 2000 17:03:32 -0500
Date: Thu, 10 Aug 2000 17:03:32 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka iainshigeoka@yahoo.com
Subject: [JOS-Admin] Re: [JOS] IRC Chat

At 07:54 PM 8/9/00 -0400, Todd L. Miller wrote:
> > Well, if Todd shows up, that's pretty much the kernel people right now I
> > think.  ;)
>
>         JM may show up also, if he can find the time.

That would be very cool.

>         In case you're wondering, the kernel/VM stuff is and has been
>stuck for a while now.  I'm hoping it'll pick up in two weeks (or so),
>when I'm done with this job.

Great.  I hope you can show up for a bit on the chat just to let us know 
what the status is...  ;)

Hey, we haven't even set a date or time yet have we?  Thoughts?  Sometime 
sunday around midday central US timezone time would be great for me.... he 
he he.  Oops.   I guess we really should be setting this in UTC time 
huh?  For how many people will this be inconvenient?  I'm particularly 
thinking of people where this is late at night/early morning...  I recall 
the regular jos monthly meetings as being similar in time without causing 
too much trouble.

-iain





From robfitz@273k.net Fri, 11 Aug 2000 02:15:59 +0000
Date: Fri, 11 Aug 2000 02:15:59 +0000
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@273k.net
Subject: [JOS] Notice for IRC Meeting on August 10, 2000

Hi all

We are planning on having a IRC meeting this coming Sunday the 10th of
August 2000, at 17:00 UTC for about two hours.  This meeting will taking
place on the Undernet IRC Network, in the #jos channel.

This meeting is the first in a little over a year and I would like to
cover the following:
* The writing of a quarterly report, the last one was over two years ago.
* The creating of a non-profit entity to allow for fund raising, etc.
* The idea of sponsorship by outside organizations.
* The web-site update that Iain Shigeoka has been working on.
* Technical issues kernel, JVM, etc.
* What others are working on or would like to work on.

I hope to be online all day Sunday from about 14:00 UTC so please drop
by and say hello or have a chat before or after the meeting.  Also if
people would like to change the time i'll see what I can do.

For logs of previous meetings checkout
<URL:http://www.metamech.com/wiki/view/Main/Logs>.

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@273k.net





From iainshigeoka@yahoo.com Fri, 11 Aug 2000 09:31:14 -0500
Date: Fri, 11 Aug 2000 09:31:14 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka iainshigeoka@yahoo.com
Subject: [JOS] Notice for IRC Meeting on August 13, 2000 (was
 August 10th)

This has been put into MeetingAgenda in the wiki and the announcement has 
been added to the web page.  Notice that Sunday is August 13th (yesterday 
was the 10th).  If you have anything to add to the agenda, make the edits 
to the wiki.

-iain

At 02:15 AM 8/11/00 +0000, Robert Fitzsimons wrote:
>Hi all
>
>We are planning on having a IRC meeting this coming Sunday the 10th of
>August 2000, at 17:00 UTC for about two hours.  This meeting will taking
>place on the Undernet IRC Network, in the #jos channel.
>
>This meeting is the first in a little over a year and I would like to
>cover the following:
>* The writing of a quarterly report, the last one was over two years ago.
>* The creating of a non-profit entity to allow for fund raising, etc.
>* The idea of sponsorship by outside organizations.
>* The web-site update that Iain Shigeoka has been working on.
>* Technical issues kernel, JVM, etc.
>* What others are working on or would like to work on.
>
>I hope to be online all day Sunday from about 14:00 UTC so please drop
>by and say hello or have a chat before or after the meeting.  Also if
>people would like to change the time i'll see what I can do.
>
>For logs of previous meetings checkout
><URL:http://www.metamech.com/wiki/view/Main/Logs>.
>
>Robert Fitzsimons
>robfitz@273k.net
>
>
>_______________________________________________
>General maillist  -  General@jos.org
>http://jos.org/mailman/listinfo/general





From robfitz@273k.net Fri, 11 Aug 2000 14:20:59 +0000
Date: Fri, 11 Aug 2000 14:20:59 +0000
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@273k.net
Subject: [JOS] Notice for IRC Meeting on August 10, 2000

Hi all

Sorry the date in this email is wrong it should be Sunday the 13th of
August 2000.

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@273k.net

On Fri, Aug 11, 2000 at 02:15:59AM +0000, Robert Fitzsimons wrote:
> Hi all
> 
> We are planning on having a IRC meeting this coming Sunday the 10th of
> August 2000, at 17:00 UTC for about two hours.  This meeting will taking
> place on the Undernet IRC Network, in the #jos channel.
> 
> This meeting is the first in a little over a year and I would like to
> cover the following:
> * The writing of a quarterly report, the last one was over two years ago.
> * The creating of a non-profit entity to allow for fund raising, etc.
> * The idea of sponsorship by outside organizations.
> * The web-site update that Iain Shigeoka has been working on.
> * Technical issues kernel, JVM, etc.
> * What others are working on or would like to work on.
> 
> I hope to be online all day Sunday from about 14:00 UTC so please drop
> by and say hello or have a chat before or after the meeting.  Also if
> people would like to change the time i'll see what I can do.
> 
> For logs of previous meetings checkout
> <URL:http://www.metamech.com/wiki/view/Main/Logs>.
> 
> Robert Fitzsimons
> robfitz@273k.net
> 
> 
> _______________________________________________
> General maillist  -  General@jos.org
> http://jos.org/mailman/listinfo/general




From robfitz@273k.net Tue, 15 Aug 2000 01:00:36 +0000
Date: Tue, 15 Aug 2000 01:00:36 +0000
From: Robert Fitzsimons robfitz@273k.net
Subject: [JOS] Log for meeting, 2000-08-13

Hi all

The log for the meeting yesterday is a available at
<URL:http://www.metamech.com/wiki/view/Main/Logs>.

We discussed the current status of the project and where we want to go
over the next two months.  Iain is going to look into what is needed to
setup a non-profit entity for JOS.  The issues of people developing JOS
as a job was also discussed.

The jvm kissme <URL:http://kissme.sourceforge.net/> was brought forward
as another jvm we could use for JOS, we discussed what kissme needed
from the kernel to run.

I also talked a little with Iain about me and my work in the US.

We are planing to have the next meeting on Sunday the 3rd of September
at 1700 UTC on your local Undernet server, if you've got the time please
come and join us.

Robert Fitzsimons
robfitz@273k.net





From kyburz69@hotmail.com Wed, 23 Aug 2000 07:43:08 GMT
Date: Wed, 23 Aug 2000 07:43:08 GMT
From: James Kyburz kyburz69@hotmail.com
Subject: [JOS] (no subject)

(Kyburz69@hotmail.com) please send me some info about your mailing list also 
if other members can e-mail me this would be helpful.
________________________________________________________________________
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at http://www.hotmail.com





From iainshigeoka@yahoo.com Wed, 23 Aug 2000 14:53:44 -0500
Date: Wed, 23 Aug 2000 14:53:44 -0500
From: Iain Shigeoka iainshigeoka@yahoo.com
Subject: [JOS] (no subject)

At 07:43 AM 8/23/00 +0000, James Kyburz wrote:
>(Kyburz69@hotmail.com) please send me some info about your mailing list 
>also if other members can e-mail me this would be helpful.

Sign up for mailing lists here:

http://jos.org/mailman/listinfo

-iain





