<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 3.2//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [JOS] IRC Meeting - June 1999</TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:robfitz%40geocities.com">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="000072.html">
   <LINK REL="Next" HREF="000073.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[JOS] IRC Meeting - June 1999</H1>
    <B>Robert Fitzsimons</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:robfitz%40geocities.com"
       TITLE="[JOS] IRC Meeting - June 1999">robfitz@geocities.com</A><BR>
    <I>Mon, 7 Jun 1999 12:43:08 -0500</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI> Previous message: <A HREF="000072.html">[JOS] Re: [JOS-Arch] Re: [JOS] Concerning the registry...</A></li>
        <LI> Next message: <A HREF="000073.html">[JOS] Reminder: Register to Vote!</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#71">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#71">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#71">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#71">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi everybody

Here are some notes of mine for this meeting, I would recommend that 
you read the log as well.

The following people were at this meeting:
RobertFitz - Robert Fitzsimons, kernel developer
gchii - Gilbert Herschberger, architect
EvilOne - Sascha Salevsky, not involved, but this will change
Shigeoka - Iain Shigeoka, jos webmaster

The first item on the agenda was the constitution.  I mainly brought 
this up, to decide if we were still going to have a vote on this in 
July (?).  We talked a little on how the vote should happen (vote-
info mailing list), what is a jos member, and what should happen 
after the vote is passed, ie vote for license.  Join the biz mailing 
list to talk more about this.

The next item on the agenda was the site infrastructure.  We 
discussed that the wiki web needs to be updated (Markus?).  We also 
talked about removing the SourceSever and just using the CVS Server.  
There also needs to be a centrally database of wikinames, passwords, 
etc, so all you have to do is change one password and you wiki 
password and cvs password are changed.  Does any body want to work on 
this?  Also does any body want to be the faq maintainer?

The next item on the agenda was the kernel.  We talked about the 
kernel interface i'm working on, and the jos-linux host.  Any body 
interested in work with me on the kernel interface should join the 
arch mailing list.

The next item on the agenda was applications and utilities.  We are 
planing on setting up a ApplicationSummary page like the 
KernelSummary page, Iain will be posting a message to the appropriate 
mailing list to get the information for this page.

There was one other item on the list about AspectJ, but we were 
unable to discuss it because we didn't know enough about it.

I would recommend that everybody should read the log, a lot more was 
discussed then I can put in this email.  As for joining the mail list 
checkout &lt;URL:<A HREF="http://jos.org/mailman/listinfo/">http://jos.org/mailman/listinfo/</A>&gt;.

The next meeting will be on Sunday 11th of July 1999, at 17:00 UTC, 
on your local Undernet IRC server in the #jos channel.  The meeting 
should have been on the 4th of July, but how many people would be 
able to turn up ;).

The log for this meeting are available at 
&lt;URL:<A HREF="http://jos.org/~robfitz/jos-19990606.zip">http://jos.org/~robfitz/jos-19990606.zip</A>&gt; (15 kb), and the logs 
for previous meetings are available at 
&lt;URL:<A HREF="http://jos.org/wiki/view/main/Logs">http://jos.org/wiki/view/main/Logs</A>&gt;.

Robert Fitzsimons
<A HREF="mailto:robfitz@geocities.com">robfitz@geocities.com</A>


</pre>



<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI> Previous message: <A HREF="000072.html">[JOS] Re: [JOS-Arch] Re: [JOS] Concerning the registry...</A></li>
	<LI> Next message: <A HREF="000073.html">[JOS] Reminder: Register to Vote!</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#71">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#71">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#71">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#71">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
</body></html>
